good morning,dear professors.It is a great honor to have this opportunity to atternd this interview.My name is Li Jiacheng,not the billion from Hong kong,but a student from JiaXi province,.How time flies,I will graduate from Hebut, Hebei University of Technology,where I major in IOT.
When I first stepped into university,I am ambitious and set many goals in both my personal life and academic studies, such as Taking part in social activities,passing cet-6, geting Teaching Certificate and so on. "Make it possible" is my motto,diligence and perseverance is my  personality.Terefore, my college life is colorful and goal-oriented.I joined the Student Union as a new media worker, recording wonderful moments and show the beauity of my school. I study for cet-4 cet-6 driving license and eventually got it. I DO love my profession,and spend so much time on it. the result is exciting and not exciting. what is exciting is that I conduct many projects with many classmates,throught these project， I gained friendship 、learned the knowledge deeply, and win some sholarships. what is not exciting is that I fail to receive the postgraduate recommendation in a narrow margin. What doesn't kill me makes me stronger.I  decide to take National Postgraduate Entrance Examination.I admire the journey of preparing for this exam,challenging but rewarding.
As for the reason why I wish to pursue graduate studies, it is as clear and determined as when I first stepped into university. two key words--one is curiosity ,the other is application. I am really curious about the principle behind the super application ,such as Face-recognition,  Autonomous driving, and deepseek,   not just some APIs or some abstract words such as large model,big data,deep learning. I want to be one of the persons who makes a difference in the world. I think one way is that study useful knowledge and apply it in real world.To realize it, there is no doubt that It is a journy again,challengeing but rewarding again,and I should be a postgraduate. in a word, curiosity is the motivation,application is the target,to be a postgraduate is the approach.
motivation ,approach, target. I will appreciate it if professors give me this aproach, thank you! 